# Chat!

This assignment can be done in any language, in any way! Have fun!

The basic functionality should be:

 1. User join/leave messages
 2. At least one global chat room that displays chat messages
 3. Some kind of private messaging/whispering

# Example spec

### Data structure

Implementation wise, you can do this any way you want, but here's an example way of
solving some problems. Since we're using sockets and streaming data, we'll need a 
structure with some kind of header, and some kind of "end of packet" terminator.

If we don't have an end of packet terminator it will be more difficult to reconstruct
our packets streamed to clients. We could send a message header that has ID and Length
but what if we lose part of the stream? This way we can at least find the beginning of
the next message even if we start losing some messages.

Packet structure (we'll just use strings):
```<2 length ID><message body>\r\n```
 
(note `\r\n` is our message terminator)

Packet types:

**Client -> Server**
 * `00` - Join, should include users name
 * `01` - Message
 * `02` - Leave, should include user's name
 * `03` - Whisper, should include a users name, server only sends that user a message
 
**Server -> Client**
 * `0` - Last packet wasn't understood, body of message will contain error details
 * `1` - Last packet was understood successfully


### Client

Should connect to a server and listens for packets, updating the interface 
appropriately. 

When packet received:
 * `00` a user joined, add to connected user list
 * `01` message received, display in main area
 * `02` a user left, remove from connected user list
 * `03` a whisper, should be highlighted since it's only for you

### Server

Listens for clients to connect, ties names to sockets, and publishes all `01` messages
to chat. Publish `00` join/`02` leave packets to chat.

An `03` private message packet should ONLY be sent to the appropriate recipient.

When packet received:
 * `00` a user gave you their name, add it to list, publish it to everyone
 * `01` message received, publish it to everyone
 * `02` a user left, remove it from list, publish to everyone
 * `03` a whisper, should only be sent to the appropriate socket(s) (what if a user is logged into multiple machines?!)


# Examples

Python version by Eric Carmichael
